h1. Haml Scaffold

A collection of hacks to the Rails scaffold generator, to make it output
templates using Haml rather than ERB. You may like some of it, and may hate
other parts. You're free to use it under the terms of the MIT license if the
parts you like outweigh the parts you hate.

This scaffold generator does the same thing as the default Rails scaffold
generator, with a few differences.

h2. Differences from Rails Scaffolding:

* Haml not ERB.

h3. Controller

* Loads object with a before_filter to be DRYer.
* "Destroy" method handles error conditions.
* Actions are alphabetized for more obvious consistency.
* Uses will_paginate.

h3. Controller Test

* Tests error conditions, not just the "happy-path."
* Has 100% code coverage with RCov.
* Simplifies test method names and alphabetizes them for more obvious consistency.
* Uses some very simple mocking with mocha to limit calls to the DB.

h3. Views

* Have cleaner, more semantic XHTML.
* Are broken up into a couple of partials to be DRYer.
* Use will_paginate.

h3. Misc

* Doesn't generate a layout or CSS file.

h2. Samples

"View them here.":http://github.com/norman/haml-scaffold/tree/master/samples

h2. Installation

There are three ways you can install this generator:

h3. Gem

@sudo gem install norman-haml_scaffold --source http://gems.github.com@

- or -

<code>
<pre>
git clone git://github.com/norman/haml-scaffold.git
cd haml-scaffold
gem build haml_scaffold.gemspec
sudo gem install haml_scaffold-*.gem
</pre>
</code>

h3. Manual

Download the tarball from the Github repository and unarchive it in ~/.rails/generators.

h3. Rails Plugin

@./script/plugin install git://github.com/norman/haml-scaffold.git@

h2. Dependencies

The generated code will depend on:

* "will_paginate":http://github.com/mislav/will_paginate/
* "mocha":http://mocha.rubyforge.org/

You'll need to add the gems and/or requires to your config/environment.rb
manually.

h2. Other stuff you might be interested in:

* "Haml":http://haml.hamptoncatlin.com/
* "RSpec Haml scaffold generator":http://github.com/dfischer/rspec-haml-scaffold-generator
* "Randomba scaffold":https://github.com/norman/randomba-scaffold/tree (like this one, but ERB)

h2. Author

"Norman Clarke":mailto:norman@randomba.org

This work is derived from code in "Ruby on Rails":http://rubyonrails.org/ and
is released under its same license, the MIT License.